Update provision-users-and-groups-using-azure-ad-scim.md (#6683)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/role-based-access-control/provision-users-and-groups-using-azure-ad-scim.md

      ![](./static/provision-users-and-groups-using-azure-ad-scim-35.png)

   2. Select **Provision Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Active Directory) Users** and review the user **Attribute Mappings**. These user attributes are synchronized from Microsoft Entra ID to Harness. Attributes marked as **Matching** are used to match Harness user accounts with Microsoft Entra ID user accounts when user attributes need to be updated. Make any changes as necessary.

>    3. Click `Edit Attribute` and make sure `Apply this mapping` is set to `Always` if you want to sync create/update changes for this particular attribute. If you only wish to capture this attribute on create chose `Only during object creation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Select **Edit Attribute** and make sure **Apply this mapping** is set to **Always** if you want to sync create/update changes for the attribute. If you only want to capture this attribute when it's created, select **Only during object creation**.
```
